README.md, before:

# BIMbots-FreeCAD

![](doc/images/bimbots-ui-01.jpg)



A FreeCAD plugin to communicate with BIMbots services - http://bimbots.org/

It allows you to upload a FreeCAD model or selected parts of a FreeCAD model to a BIMBots instance (usually a [BIMServer](http://bimserver.org/) with external services enabled), and perform different services and analyses on your model, and read the results in FreeCAD, usually under the form of a text report, or a BCF file (not yet supported - see below)

This plugin is written in Python, it consists of a single all-in-one Python file, and a companion FreeCAD macro for convenience. It can be used in several ways. The main usage is to work inside [FreeCAD](http://www.freecadweb.org). It can be simply launched as a macro. If you have the [BIM Workbench](https://github.com/yorikvanhavre/BIM_Workbench) installed, the BIMBots plugin will be automatically detected at start and you will find "BIMBots" command under menu "Utils".

The plugin can also be run directly from the terminal, in which case it prints a list of services it was able to reach, or imported as a python module (Python 2 and Python 3 compatible), in which case you have access to several utility functions to retrieve an communicate with BIMbots services, so this can also be used as a library to build your own BIMBots client.

Check the [API documentation](doc/documentation.md) page (autogenerated with [pdoc](https://pdoc3.github.io/pdoc/)) and the [FreeCAD GUI documentation](doc/ui-documentation.md).

### How to install

In FreeCAD, just head to menu **Tools -> Addons Manager**, locate the BIMBots addon, press the **Install** button, and restart FreeCAD. 

### How to use

Once installed, you will find a "BIMBots" entry under menu Macro -> Macros. If you have the [BIM Workbench](https://github.com/yorikvanhavre/BIM_Workbench) also installed, the BIMBots plugin will be automatically detected at start and you will find "BIMBots" command under menu "Utils".

Refer to the [documentation](doc/ui-documentation.md) for complete use instructions.

### Features

#### When used as a Python module, it can:

* Retrive a list of BIMbots services
* Authenticate with any of the services
* Keep authentication credentials in a config file
* Test services (send a minimal test IFC file that is guaranteed to work)
* Send actual IFC files
* Get the results

#### When running inside FreeCAD:

* All functionality is available from the GUI
* Auto-discover available services
* Add/remove custom servers
* Authenticate with services
* Send model data to any service
* Display JSON or text reports
* Double-click results (JSON results only) to select corresponding objects in the 3D view

#### To do:

* Handle Context-Id (reuse an already sent model slot)
* Handle asynchronous connection (don't wait and freeze the FreeCAD interface while data is being transmitted)
* Implement display of BCF files in FreeCAD (in progess - Part of a [GSOC](https://forum.freecadweb.org/viewtopic.php?f=8&t=35465) project)
* Enable translations

#### Quick how-to use from Python

```
>>> import bimbots
>>> bimbots.get_service_providers()
```

This returns a dictionary containing the different service providers found (both auto-discovered and manually added via the FreeCAD UI):

```
[{u'listUrl': u'https://ifcanalysis.bimserver.services/servicelist', u'name': u'ifcanalyses'}, {u'listUrl': u'http://localhost:8080/servicelist', u'name': u'Default localdev BIMserver', u'description': u'Default localdev BIMserver'}, {u'listUrl': u'http://localhost:8081/servicelist', u'name': u'2nd localdev BIMserver', u'description': u'2nd localdev BIMserver'}, {u'listUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/servicelist', u'name': u'Default JAR runner', u'description': u'Default JAR runner'}, {u'listUrl': u'https://thisisanexperimentalserver.com/servicelist', u'name': u'Experimentalserver.com', u'description': u'Experimental BIMserver'}]
```

`>>> bimbots.get_services('http://localhost:8082/servicelist')`

This returns a list of services offered by the given server (adding the /servicelist is optional):

```
[{u'inputs': [u'IFC_STEP_2X3TC1'], u'resourceUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/services', u'description': u'IFC Analytics Service', u'outputs': [u'IFC_ANALYTICS_JSON_1_0'], u'providerIcon': u'/img/bimserver.png', u'provider': u"Yorik's test BIMserver", u'oauth': {u'tokenUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/access', u'registerUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/register', u'authorizationUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/authorize'}, u'id': 2097206, u'name': u'IFC Analytics Service'}, {u'inputs': [u'IFC_STEP_2X3TC1'], u'resourceUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/services', u'description': u'BIMserver plugin that provides an analysis of a model and and outputs it into json', u'outputs': [u'UNSTRUCTURED_UTF8_TEXT_1_0'], u'providerIcon': u'/img/bimserver.png', u'provider': u"Yorik's test BIMserver", u'oauth': {u'tokenUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/access', u'registerUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/register', u'authorizationUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/authorize'}, u'id': 2162742, u'name': u'Simple Analyses Service'}, {u'inputs': [u'IFC_STEP_2X3TC1'], u'resourceUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/services', u'description': u'BIMserver plugin that provides a detailed analysis of a model and outputs it into json', u'outputs': [u'UNSTRUCTURED_UTF8_TEXT_1_0'], u'providerIcon': u'/img/bimserver.png', u'provider': u"Yorik's test BIMserver", u'oauth': {u'tokenUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/access', u'registerUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/register', u'authorizationUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/authorize'}, u'id': 2228278, u'name': u'Detailed Analyses Service'}]
```

There are more functions to interact with services. Check the [API documentation](doc/documentation.md) for the full list of available functions.

Commit message:

More detailed python howto instructions

README.md, after:

# BIMbots-FreeCAD

![](doc/images/bimbots-ui-01.jpg)



A FreeCAD plugin to communicate with BIMbots services - http://bimbots.org/

It allows you to upload a FreeCAD model or selected parts of a FreeCAD model to a BIMBots instance (usually a [BIMServer](http://bimserver.org/) with external services enabled), and perform different services and analyses on your model, and read the results in FreeCAD, usually under the form of a text report, or a BCF file (not yet supported - see below)

This plugin is written in Python, it consists of a single all-in-one Python file, and a companion FreeCAD macro for convenience. It can be used in several ways. The main usage is to work inside [FreeCAD](http://www.freecadweb.org). It can be simply launched as a macro. If you have the [BIM Workbench](https://github.com/yorikvanhavre/BIM_Workbench) installed, the BIMBots plugin will be automatically detected at start and you will find "BIMBots" command under menu "Utils".

The plugin can also be run directly from the terminal, in which case it prints a list of services it was able to reach, or imported as a python module (Python 2 and Python 3 compatible), in which case you have access to several utility functions to retrieve an communicate with BIMbots services, so this can also be used as a library to build your own BIMBots client.

Check the [API documentation](doc/documentation.md) page (autogenerated with [pdoc](https://pdoc3.github.io/pdoc/)) and the [FreeCAD GUI documentation](doc/ui-documentation.md).

### How to install

In FreeCAD, just head to menu **Tools -> Addons Manager**, locate the BIMBots addon, press the **Install** button, and restart FreeCAD. 

### How to use

Once installed, you will find a "BIMBots" entry under menu Macro -> Macros. If you have the [BIM Workbench](https://github.com/yorikvanhavre/BIM_Workbench) also installed, the BIMBots plugin will be automatically detected at start and you will find "BIMBots" command under menu "Utils".

Refer to the [documentation](doc/ui-documentation.md) for complete use instructions.

### Features

#### When used as a Python module, it can:

* Retrive a list of BIMbots services
* Authenticate with any of the services
* Keep authentication credentials in a config file
* Test services (send a minimal test IFC file that is guaranteed to work)
* Send actual IFC files
* Get the results

#### When running inside FreeCAD:

* All functionality is available from the GUI
* Auto-discover available services
* Add/remove custom servers
* Authenticate with services
* Send model data to any service
* Display JSON or text reports
* Double-click results (JSON results only) to select corresponding objects in the 3D view

#### To do:

* Handle Context-Id (reuse an already sent model slot)
* Handle asynchronous connection (don't wait and freeze the FreeCAD interface while data is being transmitted)
* Implement display of BCF files in FreeCAD (in progess - Part of a [GSOC](https://forum.freecadweb.org/viewtopic.php?f=8&t=35465) project)
* Enable translations

#### Quick how-to use from Python

```
>>> import bimbots
>>> bimbots.get_service_providers()
```

This returns a dictionary containing the different service providers found (both auto-discovered and manually added via the FreeCAD UI):

```
[{u'listUrl': u'https://ifcanalysis.bimserver.services/servicelist', u'name': u'ifcanalyses'}, {u'listUrl': u'http://localhost:8080/servicelist', u'name': u'Default localdev BIMserver', u'description': u'Default localdev BIMserver'}, {u'listUrl': u'http://localhost:8081/servicelist', u'name': u'2nd localdev BIMserver', u'description': u'2nd localdev BIMserver'}, {u'listUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/servicelist', u'name': u'Default JAR runner', u'description': u'Default JAR runner'}, {u'listUrl': u'https://thisisanexperimentalserver.com/servicelist', u'name': u'Experimentalserver.com', u'description': u'Experimental BIMserver'}]
```
Then, using one of the "listUrl" above:

`>>> bimbots.get_services('http://localhost:8082/servicelist')`

This returns a list of services offered by the given server (adding the /servicelist is optional):

```
[{u'inputs': [u'IFC_STEP_2X3TC1'], u'resourceUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/services', u'description': u'IFC Analytics Service', u'outputs': [u'IFC_ANALYTICS_JSON_1_0'], u'providerIcon': u'/img/bimserver.png', u'provider': u"Yorik's test BIMserver", u'oauth': {u'tokenUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/access', u'registerUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/register', u'authorizationUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/authorize'}, u'id': 2097206, u'name': u'IFC Analytics Service'}, {u'inputs': [u'IFC_STEP_2X3TC1'], u'resourceUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/services', u'description': u'BIMserver plugin that provides an analysis of a model and and outputs it into json', u'outputs': [u'UNSTRUCTURED_UTF8_TEXT_1_0'], u'providerIcon': u'/img/bimserver.png', u'provider': u"Yorik's test BIMserver", u'oauth': {u'tokenUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/access', u'registerUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/register', u'authorizationUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/authorize'}, u'id': 2162742, u'name': u'Simple Analyses Service'}, {u'inputs': [u'IFC_STEP_2X3TC1'], u'resourceUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/services', u'description': u'BIMserver plugin that provides a detailed analysis of a model and outputs it into json', u'outputs': [u'UNSTRUCTURED_UTF8_TEXT_1_0'], u'providerIcon': u'/img/bimserver.png', u'provider': u"Yorik's test BIMserver", u'oauth': {u'tokenUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/access', u'registerUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/register', u'authorizationUrl': u'http://localhost:8082/oauth/authorize'}, u'id': 2228278, u'name': u'Detailed Analyses Service'}]
```
The next step, if you want to use a service, is to authenticate with it. This is done in two steps. Step 1 is done using one of the "registeUrl" above:

`>>> bimbots.authenticate_step_1('http://localhost:8082/oauth/register')`

This will return a dict with keys that identify our BIMbots plugin on the given server.

`>>> bimbots.authenticate_step_2('http://localhost:8082/oauth/authorize', 'freecad', 'Simple Analyses Service')`

Client_id and service_name will be returned by the step 1 above. This will pop up a browser window, which will access the given BIMbots server, on which you must have a valid user already logged in. You will land on a page that asks you to confirm. Upon confirmation, you will receive a token and an url. Save them to your config file with:

`>>> bimbots.save_authentication('http://localhost:8082/', 2097206, 'Simple Analyses Service', service_url, token)`

The first URL is used to bind this service to a given server in the config file. You can use either the server name, as I did above, or the /servicelist URL obtained by the first step above in these instructions. service_id, service_name are obtained in step 1 above, and service_url, token are obtained via the web interface opened in step 2.

After you properly registered the service, you can now try sending it a test file:

`send_test_payload('http://localhost:8082/', 2097206)`

There are more functions to interact with services. Check the [API documentation](doc/documentation.md) for the full list of available functions.
